README.md, before:

### Python Programs list with solution for interview preparation

#### Day 1
- 1.. Write a Python Code for list Numbers and add sum of Odd or Even number also make saparet list for even odd number.

- 2.. Write a Python code to find the maximum of number in an list

- 3.. Write a Python code to check 1 to 100 prime numbers.

- 4.. Write a Python factorial program without using if-else, for, and ternary operators.

- 5.. Write a Python code to calculate the square root of a given number.

- 6.. Write a Python code to calculate the area of a triangle.

- 7.. Write a Python code to check the armstrong number.

- 8.. Write a Python code to display a multiplication table using for loop.

- 9.. Write a Python code to swap two variables.

- 10.. Write a Python code to palindrome numbers.


#### Day 2

- 11.. Write a program in Python to swap two numbers without using third variable?

- 12.. Write a program in Python to add two integer without using arithmetic operator?

- 13.. Write a Python Program to Check Common Letters in Two Input Strings?

- 14.. Write a Python Program to Count the Number of Vowels in a String?

- 15.. Write a Python Program to Check if a String is a Palindrome or Not?

#### Day 3

- 16.. Python program to remove vowel character from String.

- 17.. Write a program in Python for, In array 1-100 numbers are stored, one number is missing how do you find it.

- 18.. Write a program to remove duplicate charater from string.

- 19.. given an array of numbers and a target sum count the number of pairs of numbers that
add up to the target sum.

- 20.. write a program to find the secound maximum of number in an list if number is repeating,

#### day 4

- 21.. Write a program in Python to find given number is perfect or not?

- 22.. Python Program to count occurrence of a given characters in string.

- 23.. Python Program to check if two Strings are Anagram.

- 24.. Python program to print the highest frequency character in a String.

- 25.. Python Program to sort characters of string in ascending order.

#### day 5 

- 26.. Write a program in Python for, In a array 1-100 multiple numbers are duplicates, how do you find it.

- 27.. Python Program to add two number using recursion.

- 28.. Python Program to find highest frequency element in array.

- 29.. create Decorator functions. 

- 30.. find mean , medium , mode in array list value.

#### day 6
- 31.. start pattern 1
* 
**
***
****
*****

- 32.. start pattern 2

       *
    *     *
*      *     *

- 33.. start pattern 3

1
1 2
1 2 3
1 2 3 4
1 2 3 4 5

- 34.. start pattern 4

1
2 3
4 5 6
7 8 9 10

- 35.. start pattern 5

A
B C
D F G
H I J K

#### day 7



#### SQL ORM(Object Relational Mapping) Query

Commit message:

add one readme file for python interview question

README.md, after:

### Python Programs list with solution for interview preparation

#### Day 1
- 1.. Write a Python Code for list Numbers and add sum of Odd or Even number also make saparet list for even odd number.

- 2.. Write a Python code to find the maximum of number in an list

- 3.. Write a Python code to check 1 to 100 prime numbers.

- 4.. Write a Python factorial program without using if-else, for, and ternary operators.

- 5.. Write a Python code to calculate the square root of a given number.

- 6.. Write a Python code to calculate the area of a triangle.

- 7.. Write a Python code to check the armstrong number.

- 8.. Write a Python code to display a multiplication table using for loop.

- 9.. Write a Python code to swap two variables.

- 10.. Write a Python code to palindrome numbers.


#### Day 2

- 11.. Write a program in Python to swap two numbers without using third variable?

- 12.. Write a program in Python to add two integer without using arithmetic operator?

- 13.. Write a Python Program to Check Common Letters in Two Input Strings?

- 14.. Write a Python Program to Count the Number of Vowels in a String?

- 15.. Write a Python Program to Check if a String is a Palindrome or Not?

#### Day 3

- 16.. Python program to remove vowel character from String.

- 17.. Write a program in Python for, In array 1-100 numbers are stored, one number is missing how do you find it.

- 18.. Write a program to remove duplicate charater from string.

- 19.. given an array of numbers and a target sum count the number of pairs of numbers that
add up to the target sum.

- 20.. write a program to find the secound maximum of number in an list if number is repeating,

#### day 4

- 21.. Write a program in Python to find given number is perfect or not?

- 22.. Python Program to count occurrence of a given characters in string.

- 23.. Python Program to check if two Strings are Anagram.

- 24.. Python program to print the highest frequency character in a String.

- 25.. Python Program to sort characters of string in ascending order.

#### day 5 

- 26.. Write a program in Python for, In a array 1-100 multiple numbers are duplicates, how do you find it.

- 27.. Python Program to add two number using recursion.

- 28.. Python Program to find highest frequency element in array.

- 29.. create Decorator functions. 

- 30.. find mean , medium , mode in array list value.

#### day 6
- 31.. start pattern 1
* 
**
***
****
*****

- 32.. start pattern 2

       *
    *     *
*      *     *

- 33.. start pattern 3

1
1 2
1 2 3
1 2 3 4
1 2 3 4 5

- 34.. start pattern 4

1
2 3
4 5 6
7 8 9 10

- 35.. start pattern 5

A
B C
D F G
H I J K

#### day 7

- 36.. Write a Python program to remove a specified item using the index of an array.

- 37.. How to rotate an array left and right by a given number K.

- 38.. How do you perform a binary search in a given array?

- 39.. How is an integer array sorted in place using the quicksort algorithm

- 40.. How do you search a target value in a rotated array?

#### day 8

- 41.. Move all the negative elements to one side of the array

- 42.. Find the Union and Intersection of the two sorted arrays



#### SQL ORM(Object Relational Mapping) Query
